So before we continue working with the section and something I forgot if I may.
This is Malad you can see the categories have not explain properly what are going to happen again or
later.
And we need to wrap these.
They are these section right here for the school intermediate where the media on your screen and I mean
with 760 pixels and I cut these pages right here inside the ME equity.
And when you resize a window this is going to display really nice.
So something I forgot in the last beat you.
So next we're going to see how you can display products from this specific category and answer that
description.
So for example in this case we went to these play the kids were going up and I ended up back in wordpress
and we're going up and brotherless categories and we're looking for home kits please don't come kids
and eat and you can see that will come and provide the description or Wordpress we can out of my descriptions
of what we're going up and that some web site but it will not generate Inkley can generate and generate
some.
So for example a small portion of the text and page right here we're going to simulate that this is
the description for this product and we're going to update.
So we need to write this malfunction in the functions that the bees are going up in again or later in
the insurance and right here we're going to display comfits in the home page.
So what are going to function with and s back underskirt home page underscore
and then we're going to add action.
Again if you remember this is from the home page
and what are going to copy these function and then we can set the priority if you take a rookie saying
we went to these ladies right after the category's.
So if I click on simple show looks and click on show action.
So this is before nguyễn And right after the categories.
So if I click on one page or Harvard page you can see that the categories are used in priority 20 and
the products are you seeing priority or of the 50.
So we can write something like 25 and then we can have a go.
Hello Ankita stop showing Quick's and you can see yellow Reiki
and everything from here this home page and this priority everything you can find is some Caterina's
back up and start from there.
The main the parent team.
And then on the bottom you will find these template homepage and here for example you would find these
get there then we have the the primary the main You can see that we can do action.
This is home page you will find a list of all the functions that I can hook into the page with the priority
and maybe you will see what is in these functions so you can ask the doc and here you to find the site
and see for that.
I mean this is bigger you will find the system a storefront that hooks and from if I scroll a little
you will find this home page right here.
Here is where I started from as these categories for example these homepage contain if you template
paid for insurance and you may a search you will find the answer right here.
So any function that you're looking for is to be added in these fine.
So that's more or less how Hooke's work.
They are only functions that exist in other files.
In this case when you're working with a child team you almost always you are functions in these functions
that BHB of the child.
We're going to have some markup right here we're going to close the BHB and we're going up in BHB again
right here and we're going to use an estimate instead of echoing in a lot of the lives we're going to
add of the money going to the classic home page and these crises in the area of the goal of this class
Sunday to grab all the categories brokes the product categories that we have in the come get so use
these carafes to style the content that is inside come keep they the don't want to give out another
report and I call these Wincanton.
But I don't know how deep these when it's going to be columns the next we're going to go write some
PH BE RIGHT HERE Bubi and I'm going to have to come equals and we're going to use a function called
Get underskirt then get them takes two parameters.
So if you open the back in here we can see we have come kits and we have the idea right here.
In this case is 17 so you have to open the category and the staff the copy the savey it may be a little
different on your website.
Then you have the category or the taxonomy.
Where does the balance in this case is the section that says taxonomy equals broke.
Got some inside single got what you got.
Then you can edit the air parameter in this case is how you want to return the data.
In my case I found a re a for Aria socity they see as a way to read this their surveying what they're
going to have to eat that.
And then what are going to use a function call BHB and what function called by the dump and we're going
to send discomfit to the bottom so save these and Angelo and thanks to these bar dome in this great
access we had something nice for right here for example you can see that we have the name of this lock
that taxonomy had the description so we can bring these data.
Now we can to the movies.
So this is going to be added in the column 1:03 Saray here we're going to have and here I'm going to
have things at the bedside we're going to have an H2 and we're going to use some of the commerce classes
or a storefront KLISE classical section Dayrell
and I'm going to be again eco come get this Tikal name will display does this come get.
You can see here in the same cab.
Kip so we can add square brackets were called and then that GHI to display the complete story after
the H-2.
We're going to that paragraph what on not be again.
Next in the sand you can see.
We need to display the description the description that we come out of earlier.
This one is Racheal in the description.
So what I'm going to be home and what we're going to add description.
So next if you take a look again you can see that we have our link to this play of the brokes right
here.
And another anchor and inside the H reffer will not be quailing in in this case.
We're going to use a function called get the link and this function takes two parameters.
This function takes only one parameter.
There is a D if you take a look here you will find that we have there taxonomy Id ought to be up there.
Both are using the same ideas so we can add something like.
And then we pass their IVI inside the inkers right here I'm going to add or brogans.
So now you can save these and relo and you can see Wickiup come kids.
They are.
We need to align these a little to Kinsey's another and into the center description.
And we have all Propes.
If you take kit in the side we have this are responding to.
Right.
We're going to either estimate anti-Tea like these rockwool and say these and relo and you can see that
we have two arrows pointing pointing to the right and the next we we're going to continue working with
this section and then I show you how to display these three Proulx in the section of a Web site.